Once upon a time there was a king and a queen who said every day: "Oh, if only we had a child", but they never did. Then it happened that once the queen was sitting in the bath and a frog crawled out of the water onto the land and said to her: "Your wish will be granted, before a year passes you will give birth to a daughter.
What the frog had said came to pass, and the queen gave birth to a girl, who was so beautiful that the king could not help rejoicing and arranged a great feast. He invited not only his relatives, friends and acquaintances, but also the wise women, so that they would be kind to the child. There were thirteen of them in his kingdom, but because he had only twelve golden plates from which they were to eat, one of them had to stay at home.
The feast was celebrated with all splendour, and when it was over, the wise women presented the child with their miraculous gifts: one with virtue, another with beauty, the third with wealth, and so with everything that is to be desired in the world. When the eleven had just done their spells, the thirteenth suddenly entered. She wanted to take revenge for not being invited, and without greeting or even looking at anyone, she cried out in a loud voice: "The king's daughter shall prick herself on a spindle in her fifteenth year and fall down dead." And without speaking another word, she turned and left the hall. All were frightened, then the twelfth came forth, who still had her wish left, and because she could not annul the evil sentence, but only soften it, she said: "But it shall not be death, but a hundred years' deep sleep, into which the king's daughter shall fall."
The king, who wanted to protect his dear child from this misfortune, gave orders that all the spindles in the whole kingdom should be burnt. But the gifts of the wise women were all fulfilled in the girl, for she was so beautiful, demure, friendly and intelligent that everyone who looked at her had to love her. It happened that on the day she was fifteen years old, the king and queen were not at home and the girl was left all alone in the castle. So she went around everywhere, looking at rooms and chambers as she pleased, and finally came to an old tower. She climbed the narrow spiral staircase and came to a small door. There was a rusty key in the lock, and when he turned it, the door burst open, and there, sitting in a little room, was an old woman with a spindle, busily spinning her flax.
"Good day, you old mother," said the king's daughter, "what are you doing?" - I am spinning," said the old woman, nodding her head. "What is that thing that jumps about so merrily?" said the girl, taking the spindle and wanting to spin too. But no sooner had she touched the spindle than the spell came true and she pricked her finger with it. But at the moment she felt the prick, she fell down on the bed that was standing there and lay in a deep sleep.
And this sleep spread over the whole castle: the king and queen, who had just come home and had entered the hall, began to fall asleep, and all the court with them. Then the horses in the stable, the dogs in the courtyard, the pigeons on the roof, the flies on the wall, yes, the fire that was flickering on the hearth became quiet and fell asleep, and the roast stopped sizzling, and the cook, who wanted to pull the kitchen boy's hair because he had done something wrong, let him go and slept. And the wind died down, and not a leaf was stirring on the trees in front of the castle. Around the castle, however, a hedge of thorns began to grow, which grew higher every year, and at last surrounded the whole castle and grew beyond it, so that nothing could be seen of it, not even the flag on the roof.
But there was a legend in the country about the beautiful sleeping Sleeping Beauty, for that was the name of the king's daughter, so that from time to time the king's sons came and wanted to enter the castle through the hedge. But they could not, for the thorns, as if they had hands, held tightly together, and the young men got caught in them, could not get loose again and died a miserable death.
Il y avait un homme riche dont la femme tomba malade et, sentant que sa fin approchait, elle appela sa fille unique près de son lit et lui dit : "Chère enfant, reste pieuse et bonne, et le bon Dieu t'assistera toujours, et moi, du haut du ciel, je te regarderai et je serai autour de toi". Sur ce, elle ferma les yeux et s'éteignit. La jeune fille sortit chaque jour pour aller pleurer sur la tombe de sa mère, et elle resta pieuse et bonne. Quand l'hiver arriva, la neige recouvrit la tombe d'un drap blanc et, au printemps, quand le soleil l'eut fait redescendre, le mari prit une autre femme.
La femme avait amené dans la maison deux filles, belles et blanches de visage, mais noires de cœur et méchantes. La pauvre belle-fille connut alors une période difficile. "Qu'elle vienne s'asseoir avec nous dans la chambre," dirent-elles, "pour manger du pain, il faut gagner sa vie : dehors avec la servante de cuisine ! Ils lui enlevèrent ses beaux vêtements, lui mirent une vieille blouse grise et lui donnèrent des chaussures en bois. "Voyez donc la fière princesse, comme elle est pomponnée ! s'écrièrent-ils en riant et en l'emmenant à la cuisine. Là, elle devait faire un travail pénible du matin au soir, se lever tôt le matin, porter de l'eau, allumer le feu, faire la cuisine et la lessive. De plus, les sœurs lui faisaient toutes les misères du monde, se moquaient d'elle et lui versaient les pois et les lentilles dans la cendre, de sorte qu'elle devait s'asseoir et les choisir à nouveau. Le soir, quand elle était fatiguée, elle n'allait pas se coucher, mais devait s'allonger dans la cendre près de l'âtre. Et comme elle avait toujours l'air poussiéreuse et sale, on l'appelait Cendrillon.
Il arriva qu'un jour, le père voulut aller à la messe et demanda à ses deux belles-filles ce qu'il devait leur apporter. "De beaux vêtements," dit l'une, "des perles et des pierres précieuses," dit la seconde. "Mais toi, Cendrillon," dit-il, "qu'est-ce que tu veux ?" - "Père, le premier riz qui vous heurtera le chapeau sur le chemin du retour, cassez-le pour moi !" Il acheta alors pour ses deux belles-sœurs de beaux vêtements, des perles et des pierres précieuses, et sur le chemin du retour, alors qu'il chevauchait à travers un buisson vert, un riz de noisetier l'effleura et lui fit tomber son chapeau. Il cassa le riz et l'emporta avec lui. De retour à la maison, il donna à ses belles-filles ce qu'elles avaient demandé et à Cendrillon le riz du noisetier. Cendrillon le remercia, alla sur la tombe de sa mère et y planta le riz, en pleurant si fort que les larmes tombèrent dessus et l'arrosèrent. Mais il poussa et devint un bel arbre. Tous les jours, Cendrillon se rendait trois fois en dessous, pleurait et priait, et chaque fois un petit oiseau blanc venait se poser sur l'arbre et, lorsqu'elle exprimait un souhait, l'oiseau lui jetait ce qu'elle avait souhaité.
Or, il arriva que le roi organisa une fête qui devait durer trois jours et à laquelle furent