We quickly extemporized just six rafts to leave the sinking gunboat.Mr and Mrs Dursley at Ligusterweg number 4 were proud to be completely normal, very proud indeed. No one would have  thought that they could get involved in a strange and mysterious story, because they wanted nothing to do with such nonsense. Mr Dursley was the director of a company called Grunnings, which manufactured drilling machines. He was tall and bulky and had almost no neck, but a very large mustache. Mrs Dursley was thin and blond, and had twice as much neck as would have been necessary, which, however, was very useful, for she was able to stretch her neck over the garden fence and peek over to the neighbours. The Dursleys had a young son named Dudley and in their eyes there was nowhere a more magnificent boy. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and that someone might uncover it was their biggest concern. It would just be unbearable if the Potters thing got out. Mrs Potter was Mrs Dursley’s sister; but the two had not seen each other for many years. Mrs Dursley even claimed that she had no sister at all, for she and her worthlessness from a man were as undursley as one might imagine. The Dursleys shuddered at the thought of what the neighbors would say if the Potters showed up on their street one day. The Dursleys knew the Potters had a young son, but they had never seen him. This boy was also a good reason to stay away from the Potters; Dudley was not to come into contact with such a child. When Mr and Mrs Dursley opened their eyes on the gloomy and gloomy Tuesday on which our story begins, the cloudy sky outside was not a sign of the strange and mysterious things that were about to happen all over the country. Mr Dursley hummed to himself and picked out his most boring tie for the work, and Mrs Dursley chattered to her cheerfully as she wrestled with the screaming Dudley and forced him into his high chair. None of them saw the giant owl flying past the window. At 9:30, Mr Dursley reached for the briefcase, gave his wife a smack on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley goodbye. He missed it, however, because Dudley had a fit of rage and threw his porridge at the walls. “Little rascal”, Mr Dursley chuckled as he went outside. He got into the car and backed out the entrance to number 4. At the street corner he noticed something strange for the first time – a cat studying a street map. For a moment, Mr Dursley was not clear what he had seen – then he quickly turned his head back to look again. At the turn to the Ligusterweg there was a tigered cat, but a street map was not visible. What he had been thinking about! That must have been a delusion. Mr Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. The cat stared back. As Mr Dursley turned around the corner and drove down the road, he watched the cat in the rear-view mirror. Now she read the sign with the name Ligusterweg – no, she looked at the sign. Football is a ball sport in which two teams compete against each other with the aim of scoring more goals than the opponent in order to win the game. The playing time is usually two times 45 minutes, plus after-play time and possibly extra time and/or penalty shootout. A team usually consists of eleven players, one of whom is the goalkeeper. The ball may be played with the whole body except the arms and hands; it is mainly kicked with the foot. Only the goalkeeper (within their own penalty area) – or the field players when throwing – are allowed to touch the ball with their hand. The success of football is firstly based on its simplicity. The cost of resources and equipment is relatively low (see, for example, street football), which has made it very popular in many developing countries and is easy to understand for newcomers and spectators. Second, compared to other ball sports, relatively few goals are scored, which is why a single scene, a (mis) decision of the referee or even luck can decide a game, which increases the chances for outsiders.Frente a un gran bosque vivía un pobre leñador con su mujer y sus dos hijos; el libro se llamaba Hansel y la muchacha Gretel. Tenía poco que morder y partir, y una vez, cuando llegó la gran hambruna al país, no pudo conseguir el pan de cada día. Mientras meditaba en su lecho por la noche, revolcándose de angustia, suspiró y dijo a su mujer: «¿Qué será de nosotros? ¿Cómo podemos alimentar a nuestros pobres hijos si no tenemos nada para nosotros mismos? – ¿Sabes qué, hombre? -respondió la mujer-, mañana por la mañana, a primera hora, llevaremos a los niños al bosque, donde es más grueso. Entonces les encendemos un fuego, les damos a cada uno un pedazo de pan, luego vamos a trabajar y los dejamos solos. No encuentran el camino de vuelta a casa, y nos deshacemos de ellos. -No, mujer -dijo el hombre-, no lo haré. ¿Cómo se atreverá a dejar solos a mis hijos en el bosque? Los animales salvajes vendrían pronto y los destrozarían. -¡Oh, tonto! -dijo ella-. Entonces moriremos de hambre los cuatro, sólo puedes cepillar las tablas para los ataúdes, y no lo dejó en paz hasta que él accedió. «Pero los pobres niños me persiguen», dijo el hombre. Los dos hijos tampoco habían dormido de hambre y habían oído lo que la madrastra había dicho al padre. Gretel lloró con amargas lágrimas y dijo a Hansel: «Ya nos ha sucedido. -No te preocupes, Gretel -dijo Hansel-. Quiero ayudarnos. «Cuando los ancianos se durmieron, él se levantó, se puso su falda, abrió la puerta y se escabulló. La luna brillaba con toda claridad, y las piedras blancas que había delante de la casa brillaban como batidos. Hansel se agachó y puso a tantos en su casillero como quisieron entrar. Luego regresó, dijo a Gretel: «Ten ánimo, querida hermanita, y duerme tranquila, Dios no nos abandonará», y se acostó de nuevo en su cama. Cuando amaneció, antes de que saliera el sol, llegó la mujer y despertó a los dos niños: «Levántense, perezosos, vayamos al bosque a buscar leña. Entonces dio a cada uno un pedazo de pan y dijo: «Tenéis algo para comer, pero no lo comáis antes, no tendréis nada más. Gretel tomó el pan bajo el delantal porque Hansel tenía las piedras en el bolsillo. Después de eso, todos se dirigieron al bosque. Cuando se fueron un rato, Hansel se quedó quieto y miró hacia atrás a la casa, y lo hizo una y otra vez. El padre dijo: «Hänsel, ¿qué estás mirando y te quedas atrás, ten cuidado y no te olvides de tus piernas?» – «Ay, padre», dijo Hansel, «estoy viendo a mi gatito blanco, que está en la azotea y quiere decirme adiós. "