Once upon a time there was a king and a queen who said every day: "Oh, if only we had a child", but they never did. Then it happened that once the queen was sitting in the bath and a frog crawled out of the water onto the land and said to her: "Your wish will be granted, before a year passes you will give birth to a daughter.
What the frog had said came to pass, and the queen gave birth to a girl, who was so beautiful that the king could not help rejoicing and arranged a great feast. He invited not only his relatives, friends and acquaintances, but also the wise women, so that they would be kind to the child. There were thirteen of them in his kingdom, but because he had only twelve golden plates from which they were to eat, one of them had to stay at home.
The feast was celebrated with all splendour, and when it was over, the wise women presented the child with their miraculous gifts: one with virtue, another with beauty, the third with wealth, and so with everything that is to be desired in the world. When the eleven had just done their spells, the thirteenth suddenly entered. She wanted to take revenge for not being invited, and without greeting or even looking at anyone, she cried out in a loud voice: "The king's daughter shall prick herself on a spindle in her fifteenth year and fall down dead." And without speaking another word, she turned and left the hall. All were frightened, then the twelfth came forth, who still had her wish left, and because she could not annul the evil sentence, but only soften it, she said: "But it shall not be death, but a hundred years' deep sleep, into which the king's daughter shall fall."
The king, who wanted to protect his dear child from this misfortune, gave orders that all the spindles in the whole kingdom should be burnt. But the gifts of the wise women were all fulfilled in the girl, for she was so beautiful, demure, friendly and intelligent that everyone who looked at her had to love her. It happened that on the day she was fifteen years old, the king and queen were not at home and the girl was left all alone in the castle. So she went around everywhere, looking at rooms and chambers as she pleased, and finally came to an old tower. She climbed the narrow spiral staircase and came to a small door. There was a rusty key in the lock, and when he turned it, the door burst open, and there, sitting in a little room, was an old woman with a spindle, busily spinning her flax.
"Good day, you old mother," said the king's daughter, "what are you doing?" - I am spinning," said the old woman, nodding her head. "What is that thing that jumps about so merrily?" said the girl, taking the spindle and wanting to spin too. But no sooner had she touched the spindle than the spell came true and she pricked her finger with it. But at the moment she felt the prick, she fell down on the bed that was standing there and lay in a deep sleep.
And this sleep spread over the whole castle: the king and queen, who had just come home and had entered the hall, began to fall asleep, and all the court with them. Then the horses in the stable, the dogs in the courtyard, the pigeons on the roof, the flies on the wall, yes, the fire that was flickering on the hearth became quiet and fell asleep, and the roast stopped sizzling, and the cook, who wanted to pull the kitchen boy's hair because he had done something wrong, let him go and slept. And the wind died down, and not a leaf was stirring on the trees in front of the castle. Around the castle, however, a hedge of thorns began to grow, which grew higher every year, and at last surrounded the whole castle and grew beyond it, so that nothing could be seen of it, not even the flag on the roof.
But there was a legend in the country about the beautiful sleeping Sleeping Beauty, for that was the name of the king's daughter, so that from time to time the king's sons came and wanted to enter the castle through the hedge. But they could not, for the thorns, as if they had hands, held tightly together, and the young men got caught in them, could not get loose again and died a miserable death.
Seorang istri orang kaya jatuh sakit, dan ketika ia merasa ajalnya sudah dekat, ia memanggil putri tunggalnya ke samping tempat tidurnya dan berkata: "Anakku, tetaplah menjadi anak yang saleh dan baik, dan Tuhan akan selalu menolongmu, dan aku akan melihatmu dari surga dan bersamamu. Kemudian ia memejamkan matanya dan meninggal dunia. Gadis itu pergi setiap hari ke kuburan ibunya dan menangis, dan tetap saleh dan baik. Ketika musim dingin tiba, salju menutupi kuburan dengan kain putih, dan ketika matahari turun lagi di musim semi, pria itu mengambil istri yang lain.
Wanita itu telah membawa dua anak perempuan ke dalam rumah, yang cantik dan putih wajahnya, tetapi jahat dan hitam hatinya. Kemudian waktu yang buruk dimulai untuk anak tiri yang malang itu. "Biarlah angsa konyol itu duduk bersama kita di ruang tamu!" kata mereka, "siapa yang ingin makan roti harus mendapatkannya: keluarlah bersama pembantu dapur!" Mereka mengambil pakaiannya yang indah, memakaikannya baju abu-abu, baju tua dan memberinya sepatu kayu. "Lihatlah putri yang bangga, bagaimana dia dibersihkan!" mereka menangis, tertawa, dan membawanya ke dapur. Di sana ia harus bekerja keras dari pagi sampai malam, bangun pagi-pagi, membawa air, menyalakan api, memasak dan mencuci. Selain itu, para suster membuatnya sakit hati, mengejeknya dan menuangkan kacang polong dan kacang lentil ke dalam abu, sehingga ia harus duduk dan memungutnya lagi. Di malam hari, ketika ia telah berusaha untuk tidur, ia tidak bisa naik ke tempat tidur, tetapi harus berbaring di samping kompor di dalam abu. Dan karena ia selalu terlihat berdebu dan kotor, mereka memanggilnya Cinderella.
Kebetulan suatu hari sang ayah ingin pergi ke misa, jadi dia bertanya kepada kedua anak tirinya apa yang harus dia bawa untuk mereka. "Pakaian yang indah," kata yang pertama, "mutiara dan batu-batu mulia," kata yang kedua. "Tapi kamu, Cinderella," katanya, "apa yang kamu inginkan?" - "Ayah, beras pertama yang menabrak topimu dalam perjalanan pulang, pecahkanlah untukku!" Jadi ia membeli pakaian yang indah, mutiara dan batu-batu berharga untuk kedua saudara tirinya, dan dalam perjalanan pulang, saat ia berkuda melewati semak-semak hijau, sehelai padi hazel menabraknya dan menjatuhkan topinya. Jadi, ia mematahkan beras itu dan membawanya. Ketika ia sampai di rumah, ia memberikan apa yang mereka harapkan kepada putri-putri tirinya, dan kepada Cinderella ia memberikan beras dari semak hazel. Cinderella berterima kasih kepadanya, lalu pergi ke kuburan ibunya, dan menanam padi di atasnya, dan menangis begitu banyak sehingga air mata jatuh ke atasnya dan menyiraminya. Tetapi pohon itu tumbuh dan menjadi pohon yang indah. Cinderella pergi ke bawah pohon itu tiga kali sehari, menangis dan berdoa, dan setiap kali seekor burung putih datang ke pohon itu, dan ketika ia membuat permohonan, burung itu melemparkan apa yang ia harapkan.
Tetapi kebetulan raja mengadakan pesta yang akan berlangsung selama tiga hari, dan semua gadis cantik di negeri itu diundang, sehingga putranya dapat memilih seorang pengantin wanita. Kedua