We quickly extemporized just six rafts to leave the sinking gunboat.Mr and Mrs Dursley at Ligusterweg number 4 were proud to be completely normal, very proud indeed. No one would have  thought that they could get involved in a strange and mysterious story, because they wanted nothing to do with such nonsense. Mr Dursley was the director of a company called Grunnings, which manufactured drilling machines. He was tall and bulky and had almost no neck, but a very large mustache. Mrs Dursley was thin and blond, and had twice as much neck as would have been necessary, which, however, was very useful, for she was able to stretch her neck over the garden fence and peek over to the neighbours. The Dursleys had a young son named Dudley and in their eyes there was nowhere a more magnificent boy. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and that someone might uncover it was their biggest concern. It would just be unbearable if the Potters thing got out. Mrs Potter was Mrs Dursley’s sister; but the two had not seen each other for many years. Mrs Dursley even claimed that she had no sister at all, for she and her worthlessness from a man were as undursley as one might imagine. The Dursleys shuddered at the thought of what the neighbors would say if the Potters showed up on their street one day. The Dursleys knew the Potters had a young son, but they had never seen him. This boy was also a good reason to stay away from the Potters; Dudley was not to come into contact with such a child. When Mr and Mrs Dursley opened their eyes on the gloomy and gloomy Tuesday on which our story begins, the cloudy sky outside was not a sign of the strange and mysterious things that were about to happen all over the country. Mr Dursley hummed to himself and picked out his most boring tie for the work, and Mrs Dursley chattered to her cheerfully as she wrestled with the screaming Dudley and forced him into his high chair. None of them saw the giant owl flying past the window. At 9:30, Mr Dursley reached for the briefcase, gave his wife a smack on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley goodbye. He missed it, however, because Dudley had a fit of rage and threw his porridge at the walls. “Little rascal”, Mr Dursley chuckled as he went outside. He got into the car and backed out the entrance to number 4. At the street corner he noticed something strange for the first time – a cat studying a street map. For a moment, Mr Dursley was not clear what he had seen – then he quickly turned his head back to look again. At the turn to the Ligusterweg there was a tigered cat, but a street map was not visible. What he had been thinking about! That must have been a delusion. Mr Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. The cat stared back. As Mr Dursley turned around the corner and drove down the road, he watched the cat in the rear-view mirror. Now she read the sign with the name Ligusterweg – no, she looked at the sign. Football is a ball sport in which two teams compete against each other with the aim of scoring more goals than the opponent in order to win the game. The playing time is usually two times 45 minutes, plus after-play time and possibly extra time and/or penalty shootout. A team usually consists of eleven players, one of whom is the goalkeeper. The ball may be played with the whole body except the arms and hands; it is mainly kicked with the foot. Only the goalkeeper (within their own penalty area) – or the field players when throwing – are allowed to touch the ball with their hand. The success of football is firstly based on its simplicity. The cost of resources and equipment is relatively low (see, for example, street football), which has made it very popular in many developing countries and is easy to understand for newcomers and spectators. Second, compared to other ball sports, relatively few goals are scored, which is why a single scene, a (mis) decision of the referee or even luck can decide a game, which increases the chances for outsiders.Vor einem großen Walde wohnte ein armer Holzhacker mit seiner Frau und seinen zwei Kindern; das Bübchen hieß Hänsel und das Mädchen Gretel. Er hatte wenig zu beißen und zu brechen, und einmal, als große Teuerung ins Land kam, konnte er das tägliche Brot nicht mehr schaffen. Wie er sich nun abends im Bette Gedanken machte und sich vor Sorgen herumwälzte, seufzte er und sprach zu seiner Frau: "Was soll aus uns werden? Wie können wir unsere armen Kinder ernähren da wir für uns selbst nichts mehr haben?" - "Weißt du was, Mann," antwortete die Frau, "wir wollen morgen in aller Frühe die Kinder hinaus in den Wald führen, wo er am dicksten ist. Da machen wir ihnen ein Feuer an und geben jedem noch ein Stückchen Brot, dann gehen wir an unsere Arbeit und lassen sie allein. Sie finden den Weg nicht wieder nach Haus, und wir sind sie los." - "Nein, Frau," sagte der Mann, "das tue ich nicht; wie sollt ich's übers Herz bringen, meine Kinder im Walde allein zu lassen! Die wilden Tiere würden bald kommen und sie zerreißen." - "Oh, du Narr," sagte sie, "dann müssen wir alle viere Hungers sterben, du kannst nur die Bretter für die Särge hobeln," und ließ ihm keine Ruhe, bis er einwilligte. "Aber die armen Kinder dauern mich doch," sagte der Mann. Die zwei Kinder hatten vor Hunger auch nicht einschlafen können und hatten gehört, was die Stiefmutter zum Vater gesagt hatte. Gretel weinte bittere Tränen und sprach zu Hänsel: "Nun ist's um uns geschehen." - "Still, Gretel," sprach Hänsel, "gräme dich nicht, ich will uns schon helfen." Und als die Alten eingeschlafen waren, stand er auf, zog sein Röcklein an, machte die Untertüre auf und schlich sich hinaus. Da schien der Mond ganz hell, und die weißen Kieselsteine, die vor dem Haus lagen, glänzten wie lauter Batzen. Hänsel bückte sich und steckte so viele in sein Rocktäschlein, als nur hinein wollten. Dann ging er wieder zurück, sprach zu Gretel: "Sei getrost, liebes Schwesterchen, und schlaf nur ruhig ein, Gott wird uns nicht verlassen," und legte sich wieder in sein Bett. Als der Tag anbrach, noch ehe die Sonne aufgegangen war, kam schon die Frau und weckte die beiden Kinder: "Steht auf, ihr Faulenzer, wir wollen in den Wald gehen und Holz holen." Dann gab sie jedem ein Stückchen Brot und sprach: "Da habt ihr etwas für den Mittag, aber esst's nicht vorher auf, weiter kriegt ihr nichts." Gretel nahm das Brot unter die Schürze, weil Hänsel die Steine in der Tasche hatte. Danach machten sie sich alle zusammen auf den Weg nach dem Wald. Als sie ein Weilchen gegangen waren, stand Hänsel still und guckte nach dem Haus zurück und tat das wieder und immer wieder. Der Vater sprach: "Hänsel, was guckst du da und bleibst zurück, hab acht und vergiss deine Beine nicht!" - "Ach, Vater," sagte Hänsel, "ich sehe nach meinem weißen Kätzchen, das sitzt oben auf dem Dach und will mir Ade sagen." 