We quickly extemporized just six rafts to leave the sinking gunboat.Mr and Mrs Dursley at Ligusterweg number 4 were proud to be completely normal, very proud indeed. No one would have  thought that they could get involved in a strange and mysterious story, because they wanted nothing to do with such nonsense. Mr Dursley was the director of a company called Grunnings, which manufactured drilling machines. He was tall and bulky and had almost no neck, but a very large mustache. Mrs Dursley was thin and blond, and had twice as much neck as would have been necessary, which, however, was very useful, for she was able to stretch her neck over the garden fence and peek over to the neighbours. The Dursleys had a young son named Dudley and in their eyes there was nowhere a more magnificent boy. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and that someone might uncover it was their biggest concern. It would just be unbearable if the Potters thing got out. Mrs Potter was Mrs Dursley’s sister; but the two had not seen each other for many years. Mrs Dursley even claimed that she had no sister at all, for she and her worthlessness from a man were as undursley as one might imagine. The Dursleys shuddered at the thought of what the neighbors would say if the Potters showed up on their street one day. The Dursleys knew the Potters had a young son, but they had never seen him. This boy was also a good reason to stay away from the Potters; Dudley was not to come into contact with such a child. When Mr and Mrs Dursley opened their eyes on the gloomy and gloomy Tuesday on which our story begins, the cloudy sky outside was not a sign of the strange and mysterious things that were about to happen all over the country. Mr Dursley hummed to himself and picked out his most boring tie for the work, and Mrs Dursley chattered to her cheerfully as she wrestled with the screaming Dudley and forced him into his high chair. None of them saw the giant owl flying past the window. At 9:30, Mr Dursley reached for the briefcase, gave his wife a smack on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley goodbye. He missed it, however, because Dudley had a fit of rage and threw his porridge at the walls. “Little rascal”, Mr Dursley chuckled as he went outside. He got into the car and backed out the entrance to number 4. At the street corner he noticed something strange for the first time – a cat studying a street map. For a moment, Mr Dursley was not clear what he had seen – then he quickly turned his head back to look again. At the turn to the Ligusterweg there was a tigered cat, but a street map was not visible. What he had been thinking about! That must have been a delusion. Mr Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. The cat stared back. As Mr Dursley turned around the corner and drove down the road, he watched the cat in the rear-view mirror. Now she read the sign with the name Ligusterweg – no, she looked at the sign. Football is a ball sport in which two teams compete against each other with the aim of scoring more goals than the opponent in order to win the game. The playing time is usually two times 45 minutes, plus after-play time and possibly extra time and/or penalty shootout. A team usually consists of eleven players, one of whom is the goalkeeper. The ball may be played with the whole body except the arms and hands; it is mainly kicked with the foot. Only the goalkeeper (within their own penalty area) – or the field players when throwing – are allowed to touch the ball with their hand. The success of football is firstly based on its simplicity. The cost of resources and equipment is relatively low (see, for example, street football), which has made it very popular in many developing countries and is easy to understand for newcomers and spectators. Second, compared to other ball sports, relatively few goals are scored, which is why a single scene, a (mis) decision of the referee or even luck can decide a game, which increases the chances for outsiders.Davanti a un grande bosco viveva un povero boscaiolo con la moglie e i due figli; il libro si chiamava Hansel e la ragazza Gretel. Aveva poco da mordere e da spezzare, e una volta, quando la grande carestia giunse nel paese, non riuscì più a procurarsi il pane quotidiano. La sera, mentre meditava a letto e si rotolava per l’ansia, sospirava e disse alla moglie: «Che ne sarà di noi? Come possiamo sfamare i nostri poveri bambini, visto che non abbiamo più niente per noi stessi?» – «Sai, amico», rispose la donna, «domani mattina presto porteremo i bambini nel bosco, dove è più folto. Accenderemo un fuoco e daremo a tutti un altro pezzo di pane, poi torneremo al nostro lavoro e li lasceremo soli. Non riusciranno a tornare a casa e noi li libereremo. – No, donna, – disse l’uomo, – non lo faccio; come potrei avere il coraggio di lasciare i miei figli soli nel bosco? Presto gli animali selvatici sarebbero arrivati e li avrebbero fatti a pezzi. « – «Oh, sciocco», disse, «allora moriremo tutti e quattro di fame, tu puoi solo piallare le tavole per le bare», e non lo lasciò in pace finché non acconsentì. «Ma i bambini poveri mi prendono», disse l’uomo. Neanche i due bambini erano riusciti ad addormentarsi per la fame e avevano sentito ciò che la matrigna aveva detto al padre. Gretel pianse lacrime amare e disse ad Hansel: «Ora è successo a noi. – «Allora, Gretel», disse Hansel, «non lamentarti, voglio darci una mano. «E quando gli anziani si erano addormentati, egli si alzò, si mise la gonna, aprì la porta e se ne andò di nascosto. La luna splendeva molto luminosa e i ciottoli bianchi che erano davanti alla casa brillavano come luccioli. Hansel s’inchinò e ne mise tutti quelli che volevano entrarci. Poi tornò indietro, disse a Gretel: «Sii forte, cara sorellina, e solo dormire tranquillamente, Dio non ci abbandonerà», e si coricò di nuovo nel suo letto. All’alba del giorno, prima che il sole sorgesse, giunse la donna e svegliò i due bambini: «Alzatevi, pigri, andiamo nel bosco a raccogliere legna. Poi diede a ciascuno un pezzo di pane e disse: «Avete qualcosa per il pranzo, ma non mangiatelo prima, altrimenti non avrete nulla. Gretel prese il pane sotto il grembiule perché Hansel aveva le pietre in tasca. Poi, tutti insieme, si incamminarono verso il bosco. Quando se ne andarono per un po', Hansel si fermò e guardò indietro verso la casa e lo fece ancora e ancora. Il padre disse: «Ansel, che cosa stai guardando e stai indietro, stai attento e non dimenticare le gambe!» – «Ah, padre», disse Hansel, «Vado a vedere il mio gattino bianco, seduto sul tetto, e voglio chiamarmi Ade. "