Once upon a time there was a king and a queen who said every day: "Oh, if only we had a child", but they never did. Then it happened that once the queen was sitting in the bath and a frog crawled out of the water onto the land and said to her: "Your wish will be granted, before a year passes you will give birth to a daughter.
What the frog had said came to pass, and the queen gave birth to a girl, who was so beautiful that the king could not help rejoicing and arranged a great feast. He invited not only his relatives, friends and acquaintances, but also the wise women, so that they would be kind to the child. There were thirteen of them in his kingdom, but because he had only twelve golden plates from which they were to eat, one of them had to stay at home.
The feast was celebrated with all splendour, and when it was over, the wise women presented the child with their miraculous gifts: one with virtue, another with beauty, the third with wealth, and so with everything that is to be desired in the world. When the eleven had just done their spells, the thirteenth suddenly entered. She wanted to take revenge for not being invited, and without greeting or even looking at anyone, she cried out in a loud voice: "The king's daughter shall prick herself on a spindle in her fifteenth year and fall down dead." And without speaking another word, she turned and left the hall. All were frightened, then the twelfth came forth, who still had her wish left, and because she could not annul the evil sentence, but only soften it, she said: "But it shall not be death, but a hundred years' deep sleep, into which the king's daughter shall fall."
The king, who wanted to protect his dear child from this misfortune, gave orders that all the spindles in the whole kingdom should be burnt. But the gifts of the wise women were all fulfilled in the girl, for she was so beautiful, demure, friendly and intelligent that everyone who looked at her had to love her. It happened that on the day she was fifteen years old, the king and queen were not at home and the girl was left all alone in the castle. So she went around everywhere, looking at rooms and chambers as she pleased, and finally came to an old tower. She climbed the narrow spiral staircase and came to a small door. There was a rusty key in the lock, and when he turned it, the door burst open, and there, sitting in a little room, was an old woman with a spindle, busily spinning her flax.
"Good day, you old mother," said the king's daughter, "what are you doing?" - I am spinning," said the old woman, nodding her head. "What is that thing that jumps about so merrily?" said the girl, taking the spindle and wanting to spin too. But no sooner had she touched the spindle than the spell came true and she pricked her finger with it. But at the moment she felt the prick, she fell down on the bed that was standing there and lay in a deep sleep.
And this sleep spread over the whole castle: the king and queen, who had just come home and had entered the hall, began to fall asleep, and all the court with them. Then the horses in the stable, the dogs in the courtyard, the pigeons on the roof, the flies on the wall, yes, the fire that was flickering on the hearth became quiet and fell asleep, and the roast stopped sizzling, and the cook, who wanted to pull the kitchen boy's hair because he had done something wrong, let him go and slept. And the wind died down, and not a leaf was stirring on the trees in front of the castle. Around the castle, however, a hedge of thorns began to grow, which grew higher every year, and at last surrounded the whole castle and grew beyond it, so that nothing could be seen of it, not even the flag on the roof.
But there was a legend in the country about the beautiful sleeping Sleeping Beauty, for that was the name of the king's daughter, so that from time to time the king's sons came and wanted to enter the castle through the hedge. But they could not, for the thorns, as if they had hands, held tightly together, and the young men got caught in them, could not get loose again and died a miserable death.
A mulher de um homem rico adoeceu, e quando sentiu que o fim estava próximo, chamou a sua única filha à sua cabeceira e disse: "Querida filha, permanece piedosa e boa, e Deus ajudar-te-á sempre, e eu olhar-te-ei do céu e estarei contigo. Depois fechou os olhos e faleceu. A menina saía todos os dias para a sepultura da mãe e chorava, e permanecia piedosa e boa. Quando chegou o Inverno, a neve cobriu a campa com um pano branco, e quando o sol se pôs novamente na Primavera, o homem levou outra esposa.
A mulher tinha trazido duas filhas, que eram lindas e brancas de rosto, mas desagradáveis e negras de coração. Depois começou um mau momento para o pobre enteado. "Que o ganso tonto se sente connosco na sala de estar!" disseram eles, "quem quer comer pão tem de o ganhar: fora com a criada da cozinha!" Tiraram-lhe as suas belas roupas, vestiram-no com uma bata cinzenta e velha e deram-lhe sapatos de madeira. "Vejam a princesa orgulhosa, como está limpa!" eles choraram, riram-se, e levaram-na para a cozinha. Aí teve de fazer um trabalho duro de manhã à noite, levantando-se de manhã cedo, carregando água, acendendo o fogo, cozinhando e lavando. Além disso, as irmãs fizeram-no passar por todo o tipo de dores de coração, zombaram dele e deitaram as ervilhas e lentilhas nas cinzas, de modo que ele teve de se sentar e colhê-las novamente. À noite, quando ele próprio tinha trabalhado para dormir, não conseguia entrar na cama, mas tinha de se deitar ao lado do fogão nas cinzas. E porque ela parecia sempre poeirenta e suja, chamavam-lhe Cinderela.
Aconteceu que um dia o pai quis ir à missa, por isso perguntou às duas enteadas o que deveria trazer-lhes. "Belas roupas", disse um, "pérolas e pedras preciosas", disse o segundo. "Mas tu, Cinderela", disse ele, "o que é que queres? - "Pai, o primeiro arroz que esbarra no teu chapéu a caminho de casa, parte-o para mim!" Assim, comprou belas roupas, pérolas e pedras preciosas para as duas escadas, e no seu regresso, ao atravessar um arbusto verde, um arroz de aveleira escovado contra ele e derrubado do seu chapéu. Então ele partiu o arroz e levou-o com ele. Quando chegou a casa, deu às enteadas o que elas tinham desejado, e a Cinderela deu o arroz do arbusto da aveleira. Cinderela agradeceu-lhe, e foi à campa da sua mãe, e plantou o arroz sobre ela, e chorou tanto que as lágrimas lhe caíram em cima e regaram-na. Mas cresceu e tornou-se uma bela árvore. Cinderela ia debaixo dela três vezes por dia, chorando e rezando, e cada vez que um pássaro branco chegava à árvore, e quando ela fazia um desejo, o pássaro atirava-lhe o que ela desejava.
Mas aconteceu que o rei organizou um banquete que deveria durar três dias, e para o qual todas as belas donzelas do país foram convidadas, para que o seu filho pudesse escolher uma noiva. Os dois