We quickly extemporized just six rafts to leave the sinking gunboat.Mr and Mrs Dursley at Ligusterweg number 4 were proud to be completely normal, very proud indeed. No one would have  thought that they could get involved in a strange and mysterious story, because they wanted nothing to do with such nonsense. Mr Dursley was the director of a company called Grunnings, which manufactured drilling machines. He was tall and bulky and had almost no neck, but a very large mustache. Mrs Dursley was thin and blond, and had twice as much neck as would have been necessary, which, however, was very useful, for she was able to stretch her neck over the garden fence and peek over to the neighbours. The Dursleys had a young son named Dudley and in their eyes there was nowhere a more magnificent boy. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and that someone might uncover it was their biggest concern. It would just be unbearable if the Potters thing got out. Mrs Potter was Mrs Dursley’s sister; but the two had not seen each other for many years. Mrs Dursley even claimed that she had no sister at all, for she and her worthlessness from a man were as undursley as one might imagine. The Dursleys shuddered at the thought of what the neighbors would say if the Potters showed up on their street one day. The Dursleys knew the Potters had a young son, but they had never seen him. This boy was also a good reason to stay away from the Potters; Dudley was not to come into contact with such a child. When Mr and Mrs Dursley opened their eyes on the gloomy and gloomy Tuesday on which our story begins, the cloudy sky outside was not a sign of the strange and mysterious things that were about to happen all over the country. Mr Dursley hummed to himself and picked out his most boring tie for the work, and Mrs Dursley chattered to her cheerfully as she wrestled with the screaming Dudley and forced him into his high chair. None of them saw the giant owl flying past the window. At 9:30, Mr Dursley reached for the briefcase, gave his wife a smack on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley goodbye. He missed it, however, because Dudley had a fit of rage and threw his porridge at the walls. “Little rascal”, Mr Dursley chuckled as he went outside. He got into the car and backed out the entrance to number 4. At the street corner he noticed something strange for the first time – a cat studying a street map. For a moment, Mr Dursley was not clear what he had seen – then he quickly turned his head back to look again. At the turn to the Ligusterweg there was a tigered cat, but a street map was not visible. What he had been thinking about! That must have been a delusion. Mr Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. The cat stared back. As Mr Dursley turned around the corner and drove down the road, he watched the cat in the rear-view mirror. Now she read the sign with the name Ligusterweg – no, she looked at the sign. Football is a ball sport in which two teams compete against each other with the aim of scoring more goals than the opponent in order to win the game. The playing time is usually two times 45 minutes, plus after-play time and possibly extra time and/or penalty shootout. A team usually consists of eleven players, one of whom is the goalkeeper. The ball may be played with the whole body except the arms and hands; it is mainly kicked with the foot. Only the goalkeeper (within their own penalty area) – or the field players when throwing – are allowed to touch the ball with their hand. The success of football is firstly based on its simplicity. The cost of resources and equipment is relatively low (see, for example, street football), which has made it very popular in many developing countries and is easy to understand for newcomers and spectators. Second, compared to other ball sports, relatively few goals are scored, which is why a single scene, a (mis) decision of the referee or even luck can decide a game, which increases the chances for outsiders.In front of a large forest lived a poor woodchopper with his wife and two children; the boy’s name was Hansel and the girl Gretel. He had little to bite and break, and once, when great famine came to the country, he could no longer make his daily bread. As he was thinking in his bed in the evening and rolling about in sorrow, he sighed and said to his wife, “What shall become of us? How can we feed our poor children when we have nothing for ourselves?” – “You know what, man”, replied the woman, “tomorrow morning we will lead the children out into the forest where it is thickest. We’ll make them a fire and give everyone a piece of bread, then we’ll go to work and leave them alone. They can’t find their way home, and we’re rid of them. “No, woman”, said the man, “I do not; how can I have the heart to leave my children alone in the forest? The wild animals would soon come and tear them apart. “Oh, you fool”, said she, “then we must all die of starvation, you can only plan the boards for the coffins”, and did not let him rest until he consented. “But the poor children last me”, said the man. The two children had also been unable to sleep because of hunger and had heard what the stepmother had said to the father. Gretel wept bitter tears and said to Hansel, “Now it has happened to us. “ – “Be still, Gretel”, said Hansel, “do not be grieved, I will help us. “ And when the old men had fallen asleep, he got up, put on his coat, opened the door, and slipped out. Then the moon shone brightly, and the white pebbles that lay in front of the house shone like bats. Hansel stooped down and put as many in his little suitcase as they wanted to get in. Then he went back again, said to Gretel, “Be of good cheer, dear sister, and go to sleep quietly, God will not leave us”, and lay down again in his bed. When day dawned, before the sun had risen, the woman came and woke up the two children: “Get up, you lazy people, let’s go into the woods and get some wood. “ Then she gave everyone a piece of bread, and said, “Here you have something for lunch, but don’t eat it first, you’ll get nothing else. “ Gretel took the bread under the apron because Hansel had the stones in his pocket. After that, they all set out together for the forest. When they had gone for a while, Hansel stood still and looked back at the house and did so again and again. The father said, “Hansel, why are you looking and staying back, be careful and don’t forget your legs!” – “Ah, father”, said Hansel, “I’m looking for my white kitten, who is sitting on the roof and wants to say goodbye to me. "