In front of a large forest lived a poor woodchopper with his wife and two children; the boy’s name was Hansel and the girl Gretel. He had little to bite and break, and once, when great famine came to the country, he could no longer make his daily bread. As he was thinking in his bed in the evening and rolling about in sorrow, he sighed and said to his wife, “What shall become of us? How can we feed our poor children when we have nothing for ourselves?” – “You know what, man”, replied the woman, “tomorrow morning we will lead the children out into the forest where it is thickest. We’ll make them a fire and give everyone a piece of bread, then we’ll go to work and leave them alone. They can’t find their way home, and we’re rid of them. “No, woman”, said the man, “I do not; how can I have the heart to leave my children alone in the forest? The wild animals would soon come and tear them apart. “Oh, you fool”, said she, “then we must all die of starvation, you can only plan the boards for the coffins”, and did not let him rest until he consented. “But the poor children last me”, said the man. The two children had also been unable to sleep because of hunger and had heard what the stepmother had said to the father. Gretel wept bitter tears and said to Hansel, “Now it has happened to us. “ – “Be still, Gretel”, said Hansel, “do not be grieved, I will help us. “ And when the old men had fallen asleep, he got up, put on his coat, opened the door, and slipped out. Then the moon shone brightly, and the white pebbles that lay in front of the house shone like bats. Hansel stooped down and put as many in his little suitcase as they wanted to get in. Then he went back again, said to Gretel, “Be of good cheer, dear sister, and go to sleep quietly, God will not leave us”, and lay down again in his bed. When day dawned, before the sun had risen, the woman came and woke up the two children: “Get up, you lazy people, let’s go into the woods and get some wood. “ Then she gave everyone a piece of bread, and said, “Here you have something for lunch, but don’t eat it first, you’ll get nothing else. “ Gretel took the bread under the apron because Hansel had the stones in his pocket. After that, they all set out together for the forest. When they had gone for a while, Hansel stood still and looked back at the house and did so again and again. The father said, “Hansel, why are you looking and staying back, be careful and don’t forget your legs!” – “Ah, father”, said Hansel, “I’m looking for my white kitten, who is sitting on the roof and wants to say goodbye to me. "