We quickly extemporized just six rafts to leave the sinking gunboat.Mr and Mrs Dursley at Ligusterweg number 4 were proud to be completely normal, very proud indeed. No one would have  thought that they could get involved in a strange and mysterious story, because they wanted nothing to do with such nonsense. Mr Dursley was the director of a company called Grunnings, which manufactured drilling machines. He was tall and bulky and had almost no neck, but a very large mustache. Mrs Dursley was thin and blond, and had twice as much neck as would have been necessary, which, however, was very useful, for she was able to stretch her neck over the garden fence and peek over to the neighbours. The Dursleys had a young son named Dudley and in their eyes there was nowhere a more magnificent boy. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and that someone might uncover it was their biggest concern. It would just be unbearable if the Potters thing got out. Mrs Potter was Mrs Dursley’s sister; but the two had not seen each other for many years. Mrs Dursley even claimed that she had no sister at all, for she and her worthlessness from a man were as undursley as one might imagine. The Dursleys shuddered at the thought of what the neighbors would say if the Potters showed up on their street one day. The Dursleys knew the Potters had a young son, but they had never seen him. This boy was also a good reason to stay away from the Potters; Dudley was not to come into contact with such a child. When Mr and Mrs Dursley opened their eyes on the gloomy and gloomy Tuesday on which our story begins, the cloudy sky outside was not a sign of the strange and mysterious things that were about to happen all over the country. Mr Dursley hummed to himself and picked out his most boring tie for the work, and Mrs Dursley chattered to her cheerfully as she wrestled with the screaming Dudley and forced him into his high chair. None of them saw the giant owl flying past the window. At 9:30, Mr Dursley reached for the briefcase, gave his wife a smack on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley goodbye. He missed it, however, because Dudley had a fit of rage and threw his porridge at the walls. “Little rascal”, Mr Dursley chuckled as he went outside. He got into the car and backed out the entrance to number 4. At the street corner he noticed something strange for the first time – a cat studying a street map. For a moment, Mr Dursley was not clear what he had seen – then he quickly turned his head back to look again. At the turn to the Ligusterweg there was a tigered cat, but a street map was not visible. What he had been thinking about! That must have been a delusion. Mr Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. The cat stared back. As Mr Dursley turned around the corner and drove down the road, he watched the cat in the rear-view mirror. Now she read the sign with the name Ligusterweg – no, she looked at the sign. Football is a ball sport in which two teams compete against each other with the aim of scoring more goals than the opponent in order to win the game. The playing time is usually two times 45 minutes, plus after-play time and possibly extra time and/or penalty shootout. A team usually consists of eleven players, one of whom is the goalkeeper. The ball may be played with the whole body except the arms and hands; it is mainly kicked with the foot. Only the goalkeeper (within their own penalty area) – or the field players when throwing – are allowed to touch the ball with their hand. The success of football is firstly based on its simplicity. The cost of resources and equipment is relatively low (see, for example, street football), which has made it very popular in many developing countries and is easy to understand for newcomers and spectators. Second, compared to other ball sports, relatively few goals are scored, which is why a single scene, a (mis) decision of the referee or even luck can decide a game, which increases the chances for outsiders.在一片大森林前，住着一个贫穷的樵夫，他的妻子和两个孩子；小男孩叫汉塞尔，女孩叫格雷特。 他没有什么可以咬碎的东西，有一次，当巨大的通货膨胀降临到这个国家时，他再也无法管理每天的面包。 现在，当他晚上在床上思索，忧心忡忡地辗转反侧时，他叹了口气，对他的妻子说："我们该怎么办呢？ 我们怎么能养活我们可怜的孩子，因为我们自己什么都没有了？"--"你知道吗，伙计，"女人回答说，"明天早上，光明正大，我们想把孩子们带到森林里，那里是最茂密的地方。所以我们为他们点火，给每个人再发一块面包，然后我们就去工作，让他们自己呆着。 他们没有找到回家的路，我们就摆脱了他们。"不，女人，"男人说，"我不会这么做的；我怎么能把我的孩子单独留在森林里！"。 野生动物很快就会来把他们撕碎。"--"哦，你这个傻瓜，"她说，"那么我们四个人都得饿死，你只能把棺材的木板刨出来。"在他同意之前，她没有给他安宁。 "但是可怜的孩子们带着我，"那人说。 两个孩子也因为饥饿而无法入睡，并听到了继母对父亲说的话。 格雷特尔痛哭流涕，对汉塞尔说："现在我们的一切都结束了。“嘘，格蕾特，”汉赛尔说，“别担心，我会帮助我们的。”等老人们都睡着了，他才起身，穿上小外套，打开下面的门，溜了出去。然后月光非常明亮，房子前面的白色鹅卵石像大块一样闪闪发光。韩赛尔弯下腰，尽可能多地放进外套口袋。然后他又回去，对格莱特说：“放心吧，亲爱的小妹妹，去睡觉吧，上帝不会离开我们的，”然后躺回床上天亮了，太阳还没有升起来，女人就来叫醒了两个孩子：“起来吧，你们这些闲人，我们到森林里去打柴吧。”然后她给每个人一片面包，说：“给你们吃午饭，但不要先吃完，你们什么也吃不到。”格蕾特把面包放在围裙下，因为汉塞尔口袋里有石头。说完，大家便一起向着森林而去。他们走了一小段路后，汉赛尔站着不动，回头看着房子，一遍又一遍地重复着这个动作。父亲说：“汉赛尔，你看那儿干嘛还留着呢，小心点，别忘记了你的腿！”- “哦，父亲，”汉塞尔说，“我正在照顾我的白色小猫，它坐在屋顶上，想和我说再见。”