Once upon a time there was a king and a queen who said every day: "Oh, if only we had a child", but they never did. Then it happened that once the queen was sitting in the bath and a frog crawled out of the water onto the land and said to her: "Your wish will be granted, before a year passes you will give birth to a daughter.
What the frog had said came to pass, and the queen gave birth to a girl, who was so beautiful that the king could not help rejoicing and arranged a great feast. He invited not only his relatives, friends and acquaintances, but also the wise women, so that they would be kind to the child. There were thirteen of them in his kingdom, but because he had only twelve golden plates from which they were to eat, one of them had to stay at home.
The feast was celebrated with all splendour, and when it was over, the wise women presented the child with their miraculous gifts: one with virtue, another with beauty, the third with wealth, and so with everything that is to be desired in the world. When the eleven had just done their spells, the thirteenth suddenly entered. She wanted to take revenge for not being invited, and without greeting or even looking at anyone, she cried out in a loud voice: "The king's daughter shall prick herself on a spindle in her fifteenth year and fall down dead." And without speaking another word, she turned and left the hall. All were frightened, then the twelfth came forth, who still had her wish left, and because she could not annul the evil sentence, but only soften it, she said: "But it shall not be death, but a hundred years' deep sleep, into which the king's daughter shall fall."
The king, who wanted to protect his dear child from this misfortune, gave orders that all the spindles in the whole kingdom should be burnt. But the gifts of the wise women were all fulfilled in the girl, for she was so beautiful, demure, friendly and intelligent that everyone who looked at her had to love her. It happened that on the day she was fifteen years old, the king and queen were not at home and the girl was left all alone in the castle. So she went around everywhere, looking at rooms and chambers as she pleased, and finally came to an old tower. She climbed the narrow spiral staircase and came to a small door. There was a rusty key in the lock, and when he turned it, the door burst open, and there, sitting in a little room, was an old woman with a spindle, busily spinning her flax.
"Good day, you old mother," said the king's daughter, "what are you doing?" - I am spinning," said the old woman, nodding her head. "What is that thing that jumps about so merrily?" said the girl, taking the spindle and wanting to spin too. But no sooner had she touched the spindle than the spell came true and she pricked her finger with it. But at the moment she felt the prick, she fell down on the bed that was standing there and lay in a deep sleep.
And this sleep spread over the whole castle: the king and queen, who had just come home and had entered the hall, began to fall asleep, and all the court with them. Then the horses in the stable, the dogs in the courtyard, the pigeons on the roof, the flies on the wall, yes, the fire that was flickering on the hearth became quiet and fell asleep, and the roast stopped sizzling, and the cook, who wanted to pull the kitchen boy's hair because he had done something wrong, let him go and slept. And the wind died down, and not a leaf was stirring on the trees in front of the castle. Around the castle, however, a hedge of thorns began to grow, which grew higher every year, and at last surrounded the whole castle and grew beyond it, so that nothing could be seen of it, not even the flag on the roof.
But there was a legend in the country about the beautiful sleeping Sleeping Beauty, for that was the name of the king's daughter, so that from time to time the king's sons came and wanted to enter the castle through the hedge. But they could not, for the thorns, as if they had hands, held tightly together, and the young men got caught in them, could not get loose again and died a miserable death.
A rich man's wife fell ill, and when she felt that the end was near, she called her only daughter to her bedside and said: "Dear child, stay pious and good, and God will always help you, and I will look down on you from heaven and be with you. Then she closed her eyes and passed away. The girl went out every day to her mother's grave and wept, and remained pious and good. When winter came, the snow covered the grave with a white cloth, and when the sun came down again in spring, the man took another wife.
The woman had brought two daughters into the house, who were beautiful and white of face, but nasty and black of heart. Then a bad time began for the poor stepchild. "Let the silly goose sit with us in the parlour!" they said, "he who wants to eat bread must earn it: out with the kitchen maid!" They took away his beautiful clothes, dressed him in a grey, old smock and gave him wooden shoes. "Look at the proud princess, how she is cleaned!" they cried, laughing, and led her into the kitchen. There she had to do hard work from morning till night, getting up early in the morning, carrying water, lighting the fire, cooking and washing. On top of that, the sisters put him through all kinds of heartache, mocked him and poured the peas and lentils into the ashes, so that he had to sit and pick them out again. In the evening, when he had worked himself to sleep, he could not get into bed, but had to lie down beside the cooker in the ashes. And because she always looked dusty and dirty, they called her Cinderella.
It happened that one day the father wanted to go to mass, so he asked the two stepdaughters what he should bring them. "Beautiful clothes," said one, "pearls and precious stones," said the second. "But you, Cinderella," he said, "what do you want?" - "Father, the first rice that bumps into your hat on your way home, break it off for me!" So he bought beautiful clothes, pearls and precious stones for the two stepsisters, and on his way back, as he rode through a green bush, a hazel rice brushed against him and knocked off his hat. So he broke off the rice and took it with him. When he came home, he gave the stepdaughters what they had wished for, and to Cinderella he gave the rice from the hazel bush. Cinderella thanked him, and went to her mother's grave, and planted the rice on it, and wept so much that the tears fell on it and watered it. But it grew and became a beautiful tree. Cinderella went under it three times a day, weeping and praying, and every time a white bird came up to the tree, and when she made a wish, the bird threw down to her what she had wished for.
But it happened that the king arranged a feast which was to last three days, and to which all the beautiful maidens in the land were invited, so that his son might choose a bride. The two