We quickly extemporized just six rafts to leave the sinking gunboat.Mr and Mrs Dursley at Ligusterweg number 4 were proud to be completely normal, very proud indeed. No one would have  thought that they could get involved in a strange and mysterious story, because they wanted nothing to do with such nonsense. Mr Dursley was the director of a company called Grunnings, which manufactured drilling machines. He was tall and bulky and had almost no neck, but a very large mustache. Mrs Dursley was thin and blond, and had twice as much neck as would have been necessary, which, however, was very useful, for she was able to stretch her neck over the garden fence and peek over to the neighbours. The Dursleys had a young son named Dudley and in their eyes there was nowhere a more magnificent boy. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and that someone might uncover it was their biggest concern. It would just be unbearable if the Potters thing got out. Mrs Potter was Mrs Dursley’s sister; but the two had not seen each other for many years. Mrs Dursley even claimed that she had no sister at all, for she and her worthlessness from a man were as undursley as one might imagine. The Dursleys shuddered at the thought of what the neighbors would say if the Potters showed up on their street one day. The Dursleys knew the Potters had a young son, but they had never seen him. This boy was also a good reason to stay away from the Potters; Dudley was not to come into contact with such a child. When Mr and Mrs Dursley opened their eyes on the gloomy and gloomy Tuesday on which our story begins, the cloudy sky outside was not a sign of the strange and mysterious things that were about to happen all over the country. Mr Dursley hummed to himself and picked out his most boring tie for the work, and Mrs Dursley chattered to her cheerfully as she wrestled with the screaming Dudley and forced him into his high chair. None of them saw the giant owl flying past the window. At 9:30, Mr Dursley reached for the briefcase, gave his wife a smack on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley goodbye. He missed it, however, because Dudley had a fit of rage and threw his porridge at the walls. “Little rascal”, Mr Dursley chuckled as he went outside. He got into the car and backed out the entrance to number 4. At the street corner he noticed something strange for the first time – a cat studying a street map. For a moment, Mr Dursley was not clear what he had seen – then he quickly turned his head back to look again. At the turn to the Ligusterweg there was a tigered cat, but a street map was not visible. What he had been thinking about! That must have been a delusion. Mr Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. The cat stared back. As Mr Dursley turned around the corner and drove down the road, he watched the cat in the rear-view mirror. Now she read the sign with the name Ligusterweg – no, she looked at the sign. Football is a ball sport in which two teams compete against each other with the aim of scoring more goals than the opponent in order to win the game. The playing time is usually two times 45 minutes, plus after-play time and possibly extra time and/or penalty shootout. A team usually consists of eleven players, one of whom is the goalkeeper. The ball may be played with the whole body except the arms and hands; it is mainly kicked with the foot. Only the goalkeeper (within their own penalty area) – or the field players when throwing – are allowed to touch the ball with their hand. The success of football is firstly based on its simplicity. The cost of resources and equipment is relatively low (see, for example, street football), which has made it very popular in many developing countries and is easy to understand for newcomers and spectators. Second, compared to other ball sports, relatively few goals are scored, which is why a single scene, a (mis) decision of the referee or even luck can decide a game, which increases the chances for outsiders.Devant une grande forêt, un pauvre bûcheron vivait avec sa femme et ses deux enfants; le petit s’appelait Hansel et la jeune fille Gretel. Il n’avait pas grand-chose à mordre et à casser, et une fois que la famine est entrée dans le pays, il n’arrivait plus à nourrir le pain quotidien. Le soir, comme il se penchait sur son lit et se roulait d’inquiétude, il soupira et dit à sa femme: Que deviendrons-nous? Comment nourrir nos pauvres enfants, puisque nous n’avons plus rien pour nous-mêmes? – Tu sais quoi, mon vieux, répondit la femme, nous voulons, demain à l’aube, emmener les enfants dans la forêt où il est le plus épais. Nous allumons un feu et donnons à chacun un morceau de pain, puis nous retournons à notre travail et les laissons tranquilles. Ils ne retrouveront pas le chemin de la maison, et on s’en débarrassera. « Non, femme, dit l’homme, je ne le ferai pas; comment oserais-je laisser mes enfants seuls dans la forêt? Les bêtes sauvages ne tarderaient pas à venir les déchirer. « – Oh, imbécile, dit-elle, alors nous mourrons tous les quatre de faim, tu ne peux que raboter les planches pour les cercueils », et ne lui laissa aucun repos jusqu’à ce qu’il accepte. «Mais les pauvres enfants me prennent», dit l’homme. Les deux enfants n’avaient pas pu dormir de faim et avaient entendu ce que la belle-mère avait dit au père. Gretel pleura amèrement et dit à Hansel: « Maintenant, c’est fait pour nous. -- Silence, Gretel, dit Hansel, ne sois pas triste, je veux déjà nous aider. « Et quand les vieillards s’étaient endormis, il se leva, revêtit sa jupe, ouvrit la soutane et sortit en douce. Là, la lune brillait, et les cailloux blancs qui étaient devant la maison brillaient comme des tambours. Hansel s’inclina et mit tant de gens dans son sac à dos qu’ils voulaient y entrer. Puis il retourna, dit à Gretel: «Sois tranquille, chère petite soeur, et dors tranquillement, Dieu ne nous abandonnera pas», et il se recoucha. Au lever du jour, avant même le lever du soleil, la femme est arrivée et a réveillé les deux enfants: «Lève-toi, paresseux, allons dans la forêt chercher du bois. « Puis elle donna à chacun un morceau de pain et dit: »Voici quelque chose pour le déjeuner, mais ne le mangez pas avant, vous n’aurez rien d’autre. « Gretel prit le pain sous le tablier, car Hansel avait les pierres dans sa poche. Ensuite, ils se mirent tous ensemble en route vers les bois. Quand ils furent partis quelque temps, Hansel resta immobile, regarda en arrière la maison et le fit encore et encore. Le père dit: « Hansel, pourquoi regardes-tu et restes-tu en arrière, fais attention et n’oublie pas tes jambes! » – « Ah, mon père, dit Hansel, je vois mon chat blanc qui est assis sur le toit et qui veut me dire Ade. "